	This problem asks that we take a sequence of numbers as input and output the number of arithmetic sequences there exist within it. To be precise, an arithmetic sequence is a sequence of at least 3 numbers such that the difference between one number and the next is always exactly the same. This means we must move through an array of integers, move through them one by one, and add to a counter the amount of arithmetic subsequences (with the property explained previously) there exist that include the integer currently being focused on.
	
	For a dynamic programming approach, I decided that using a method similar to that of problem 2's would be optimal. In this situation, we should store all possible subsequences but, instead of checking for palindromes, we should check for arithmetic sequences. However, if a sequence has been predetermined as not having a possibility of being arithmetic regardless of future input (ex: 1, 2, 5, … ), there is no need to store and compare it with future integers. Therefore, we should only store subsequences that are below 3 items OR are an arithmetic sequence. 
	
	To follow the IDEAL format, I first identified that the problem was that I needed to take an array and return the number of subarrays that have the following property: the difference between each item and the next is always the same. I then defined the problem as moving through an array of integers, adding to a counter the amount of arithmetic sequences, whilst building a database for future integers to use to compute their counts. After exploring solutions, I decided it would be best to stick with the idea that if a list of numbers is not an arithmetic sequence, there is no chance to make it one with further additions of elements. I implemented this basic idea by building an array where each index corresponds to a number in the sequence. Each index contains a list of all possible arithmetic sequences including and before that element. My algorithm moves through the sequence, placing each subsequence in this structure if it is smaller than 3 elements OR it is an arithmetic sequence. The counter iterates every time an arithmetic sequence is added to the database. I then reflected on my solution and thought I did well in accomplishing the task at hand. By exploring only the possible arithmetic sequences and discarding the impossible, I efficiently built a database that can recognize the number of arithmetic sequences for any length original sequence provided.
